hi guys what's up and welcome back to my
channel so today I want to do a
different kind of video I want to do a
product faves product fav this video
because there's just a bunch of stuff
that I'll talk about my Instagram and
then people want to see more of it and
also like it's just fun and so I think
once in a while I'm gonna do a video
that's like products that have to do
with like health fitness health and
fitness I mean that's what this is all
about right and then also like a little
sprinkle some beauty in there you know
the things that I like I'm really into
like skincare right now and natural
beauty so uh yeah I have a bunch of
stuff that I have just been loving this
month kind of like this little summer
and I'm gonna share it with you guys
okay
let's kick things off with skincare
because that's what I've been really
into in this last month I was just
talking about my talking on my Instagram
the other day about how I've really
loved getting more into like my skin
health as opposed to focusing on makeup
clean Beauty refers to not just a
natural product but typically if a
product of water listed as an ingredient
it means that there has to also be
preservatives that kill bacteria that
could be cause you know any anything
that has water in it could potentially
grow a bacteria so clean burek Beauty
refers to products that don't have any
water in them among other things and I
have recently gotten really into clean
beauty or just like cleaner products
like things that are better for my skin
you know our skin does absorb a lot it
absorbs anything you put on it really
and so it really does end up playing a
role in your health they extend to which
we don't really know there's not like
conclusive studies on it but I do just
like airing on the safer side and using
products that are like more or less
non-toxic but just kicked my slippers
off like I'm like ready to chat so I
recently went to hayday which is a place
that does like really fast facials in
the city and they told me I had to
hydrated scammers like you mean dry skin
and they were like no that's different
you have a dehydrated skin like at the
deepest level like your skin's like a
desert so basically what they told me I
should do I start you
saying a couple things basically a
hyaluronic acid which helps lock in
moisture and then vitamin C which I was
already using they recommend to some
products but I ended up getting some
different ones because I found the
ordinary online and once it's confusing
because the ordinary is like really
really really affordable skincare and
it's not clean beauty but they're
synthetics but it's like $6 for
hyaluronic acid the thing is about the
ordinary is that it only has it doesn't
tell you like really what it's for you
have to kind of know what your skin
needs because they'll just list the
active ingredient so it can be really
confusing on their website like if you
don't know what your skin the ins you're
not going to know what to buy on their
website because it's not marketed in a
way but because specialist told me what
I needed I just went out and got it and
I've been using it for a few weeks and I
really liked it so this is the ordinary
hyaluronic acid 2% + b5 a hydration
support formula with ultra pure vegan
hyaluronic acid and then I put this on
after as well both serums the ordinary
100% plant drive squalene I have no idea
what this is but it says pure squalene
squalene squalene for surface hydration
so I put these on it at night and oh my
gosh you guys the next day I wake up and
my skin just is like it's like dewy and
glowy and it just feels really healthy
and in the morning I lock it in I do
some vitamin C and this is drunk
elephant I started using their products
and I were just blown away by how good I
did makes your skin feel I don't know it
just it's clean it's also like a clean
brand so they're jelly cleanser is dope
I love it I haven't had any breakouts
either since I started using their
stuffs and then they have this cute
little glow kit which these are like the
minis but they have it's like a vitamin
C and a B Hydra intensive hydration
serum so when you put these on together
it just like makes you look really glowy
I've been loving loving skin care like
it's just nice to kind of like have that
as a part of your self-care routine and
I'm not covering anything up I'm just
like being myself and taking care of my
skin and keeping a hydrated right now I
do have
I do have a share not Foundation but
like a CC cream on so it's not this is
not without makeup but it looks really
good
without makeup as well okay next up so
if you follow me on Instagram you know
that I just went through that my 30-day
armpit
detox my 30-day detox from basically
deodorants that have what's it called
aluminum in them and I wanted to do this
because I just have always felt like the
products and deodorants are really harsh
and it started a few years ago when I
downloaded the think dirty app and I
scanned everything my bathroom and found
out that I had like really bad products
a products I had a lot of toxic things
in it besides fragrance and I got really
into like using products that were
cleaner and so oh you guys this 30 day
cleanse was not easy it's not for the
faint of heart out if you've done it
then you know and if you haven't then
good luck basically I decided to switch
to a regular fragrance it has natural
fragrance so like lavender like an
essential oil at first it was really
tough I basically broke out like
literally I saw I stopped using urine I
broke out like my pits had like red
bumps all over them and it was so
painful you guys it felt like chafing in
my armpits which I've never gotten in my
armpits so I was like super painful um
and I tried a different brand which is
not gonna mention cuz I'm not gonna like
throw them out of the bus they sent me
free product cuz they saw that I was
doing this cleanse and it did not work
for me like my pits got even worse like
the rash was now a full-on like full-on
rash and really painful and I wrote the
back and said thanks but no thanks you
know what I'm saying and I went in
search of a different product like one
that would be like easier on my armpits
what I found is that deodorants that are
natural that are don't have like some
kind of soothing agent and then like an
al
vra something will be harsh on the
stand because it's like baking soda like
right up in the pits so my friend
recommended this one it's called the
healthy deodorant love Anila it smells
really good mmm smells fresh like fresh
laundry or something lavender and
vanilla lava nila and it's worked really
well I got through the 30 days what
happens during the 30-day detox is you
actually stink a lot like there's
nothing you can do after the 30 days
you're supposedly detox and you stop
smelling like
I definitely don't smell bad anymore
especially using this uterine I find
that it's strong enough to power me
through workouts I find that my clothes
don't stink
although they really did for like the
first two and a half three weeks like my
clothes smelled and it was really hard
to get through it we got through it and
I'm pretty happy about it so I used to
have adult hormonal acne I would get it
in my cheeks like you can probably see I
have some scar like nuts crime
hyperpigmentation on this cheek I might
have like one or two on this cheek from
last year so at the heyday place
actually the facial I got they
recommended this frizz it's which is
called by grown alchemists and it says
botanical Beauty this is a clean beauty
product I believe yes blemish treatment
gel but anyways it works so well I used
to have this idea that natural products
like don't work um they do it's just
that your body's really used to all of
this strong formulation and fake stuff
that you kind of have to just get away
from it and then you will react
naturally like well to softer
ingredients I guess this works really
well it comes to inflammation and
irritation down like overnight and looks
really good so been really happy with
that product this facial neroli oil from
naturopathic a-- I am in love I
literally never used oils before cuz I
have normal to oily skin and I was under
the impression that if you put oil on
your kind of oily skin that you'll break
out and oh my god I had no idea that it
actually in some cases can help you
rebalance the oil production in your
face so you produce less oil and you
just get a glow but why did anyone ever
me that it smells like Christmas like I
kid you not it smells like a Christmas
tree and it just makes me happy so I put
this on in the morning after pretty much
like my moisturizer I mix it with my SPF
which by the way this is another
favorite from drunk elephant I have a
lot of drunk elephant products here
there are a lot of expensive but they've
been lasting a really long time because
you don't need a lot of the product and
their SPF I've just been using an SPF
daily because I have fair skin I've
always done that my whole life that's
like a number one thing dermatologists
will tell you to have to prevent
wrinkles and also just like prevent
yourself from potential skin cancers
from the Sun so that's really important
one of my clients recommended this glow
kit called
Anastasia glow I know I'm probably like
the last person to know about all these
things but here we are
oh my god I had never bought a Nastasia
product before I know YouTube loves it I
know that it's all over the place and I
know that I'm the last one to the bus
but I'm here now and I made it I'll use
like this one on my cheekbones I'm
wearing right now but I don't know how
good the lighting is they have like a
moonstone like light pink value
sometimes on my cheekbones I use the
bronze as like like you know contouring
sort of and just like really lightly
though I don't do anything crazy and
yeah it just looks so natural whenever I
wear it everyone's like how do you get
your skin so glowy it's just like really
really natural looking and not like
streaky and I absolutely love it okay on
the more serious side of things but like
not really I wanted to actually is this
kind of a serious know you guys so I
could actually make a whole different
video about that like I'm always saying
this but two years ago I went to my
gynecologist I had a regular standard
checkup with a pap smear and it came
back abnormal at this point I'm like
talking about it it's like it's normal
because I'm okay and I'm healthy and it
was like it's kind of a false alarm
basically what happened was I had
then go get a cold pasta P which if you
don't know what that is it's not a
colonoscopy it's not about your poop
it's not a bug about its it's a
colposcopy and basically it's a
magnifying glass
the collpa scope I think that's what
it's called they go in to your vagina
and yes this is a Women's Health Channel
it's really important to talk about
women's health but yeah they look in
your vagina and using microscope look
for abnormal cells on the cervix and if
they find something that looks kind of
abnormal they'll take a biopsy of it so
they're literally like snipping a piece
off right so I actually had to go
through this procedure and I was
absolutely mortified terrified so scared
came back completely normal first false
alarm there was nothing wrong with
anything what could have caused the
abnormal test in the first place was
using tampons too close to my pap smear
um and so I thought that that was it so
for the year after that I just tried to
see the gyno like with you know at a
time that wasn't right after my period
however last year I did another pap
smear and it came back abnormal again
and I was super frustrated and super
scared and at this point I had actually
opened up to a lot of my friends and
found out that a lot of my friends had
had colonoscopies as well some of them
had even had our own uh what Flula had
abnormal cells on their cervix and had
to basically move forward with the
procedures either freeze them off or
remove part of cervix and so at this
point I felt so much more comfortable
talking about it but it was still really
scary I had to have another my second
colposcopy really not fun and again it
came back nothing wrong I had a second
opinion listen guys I'm healthy and I'm
so thankful for that but I'm also really
worried that this year I'm gonna have
another false alarm so what I did in
preparation for that was I decided to
switch completely to organic pads I
don't really use pads and tampons and I
chose the brand Korra so Korra gives
they make organic organic tissues for
feminine use and they basically been a
godsend I'm hoping that switching into a
more natural products will
I'll have my tests come back normal they
send you like a box these are the
tampons you can buy an applicator and
then these are the pads
honestly like I like how they just
package the experience it felt I don't
know just felt nice feel like I was
being appreciated you know for my period
some weird way so that's my little story
on that I've switched completely to
organic organic feminine hygiene
products and I guess I'll now that I've
told you guys this without even
intending to let you guys know if it
makes a difference in my feminine
hygiene and health obviously it's about
helpful okay
ooh hair you guys so for my birthday my
sister bought me something very magical
there was kind of expensive Thank You
Jen if you're watching this probably not
watching this so she bought me a dry bar
curler you can see like the top is
thicker and it gets thinner and that's
how I call my hair day in a day it takes
me about five minutes per side I have
very thin hair though so it's like fine
hair so it really really doesn't take me
long it's not that much effort in terms
of staying power it pretty much the curl
will pretty much stay it stays all day
the next day it's like a lute a much
looser wave but if you add some
texturizer to your hair you can like
make it look like it kind of even more
beachy than this like this is has more
defined curls in it
so if you're looking for a new curling
wand I totally recommend this one it's a
little pricey but if you save up it's
well worth it so a brand that I've been
so in love with lately is her name is or
the brand's name is Joel Brown she makes
just a lot of really sporty basics and
it tons of different basics like white
gray navy tease like kind of some of
them are like a little de-stress is a
distressed distressed distressed this
shirt is a joe brown shirt it's just a
simple white crop shirt she makes this
buying a short material it's like so it
feels like a little Lululemon a-line if
you own those really soft and it's just
my car length so it goes right above
your knees and I'll wear this was like
an oversized t-shirt or something and um
like sandals and here's
good for the day I feel like sporty and
cue and really comfy and I just love
everything from their store like I want
to buy it all but my wallet would not be
okay lastly what would be a product
review from small ethics if it didn't
have some gym to our pennants I feel
like such a tool saying oh my god you
guys know I it just fits me really well
and I think it fits petite women really
well and so I'm always talking about it
of course I like Nike of course I like
that like brands like that but I don't
always want to spend $150 on a top and
bottom so and gym chart does have some
more expensive clothing but they also
have some really affordable ones so the
colors that I'm loving right now are in
there um what is this called flex
seamless flex collection they have a
pink one right now this is my favorite
fit that they've done in so long I'll
try it on for you guys too it's just so
cute and um it just makes the booty look
good it's they have like really really
like contouring since Jim shark very
boldly on the back fits the length of my
legs really well and I just love the
color it's very summery and then the
other one that I love that you guys have
seen me in like a ton of times because
it's one of the smallest brand colors is
the mint oh my god I'm in love it's when
they're seamless collection the thing
about this was it did run a little bit
tighter on me if I had known I would
have size up to a small man extra small
and all Jim shark however I still wear
it and I just kind of like squeezed into
it so this color is just I'm living for
it and on the top it has padding I just
I love this this collection in itself is
so reliable as like a gym set I just
love it so much it is such a nice fun
summery situation are you guys with it
for today let me know if you like this
type of video and I'll do more of them
maybe it'll become like a monthly thing
if you guys enjoyed it if you guys liked
it please give it a thumbs up subscribe
for more content and I'll see you next
Monday I have new videos every single
Monday as
No
[Music]
[Applause]